It's really good
100,000
Drink this glass of wine
Renhe lyrics
I'll take it all.
Qin Shao
100,000 is too little
I've never met this person myself
Is that so?
200,000 more
I don't want it.
Brother today
People who want me
What do you mean?
Boss, I just want this book.
Get out of here first
Xing always took a fancy to your talent
Do you want to sign a contract with you?
little boy
Give me face
Drink this glass of wine
Our dowry money will be available.
Hey, you have to drink this wine too
You have to drink
And what did I drink?
Don't leave me today, brother
It's all right.
I won't dislike you for this kind of thing.
I will go to the house to propose marriage tomorrow morning
Let's have a good life in the future.
Please let me go
Let me go
Little sister?
Stop struggling
How about you?
Your sister-in-law